README.md, before:

# ADempiere Data Client for gRPC

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@adempiere/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adempiere/grpc-data-client)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@adempiere/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://github.com/erpcya/adempiere-gRPC-Server/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@adempiere/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adempiere/grpc-data-client)
<!--
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/erpcya/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adempiere/grpc-data-client)
-->

ADempiere Data Client write in Javascript for gRPC service, use it for connect with
[ADempiere-gRPC-Server](https://github.com/erpcya/adempiere-gRPC-Server).

## Requirements
- [Envoy Proxy](https://www.envoyproxy.io/)
- [Envoy Pre-configured Proxy](https://github.com/erpcya/gRPC-Envoy-Proxy)

## Using it

``` bash
# installing via NPM
npm i @adempiere/grpc-data-client
```
``` bash
# installing via Yarn
yarn add @adempiere/grpc-data-client
```

## A Example
### Declare Data
```javascript
const Data = require('@adempiere/grpc-data-client');
let data = new Data(GRPC_HOST, 'Session UUID');
```
### Declare Data with specific language
```javascript
const Data = require('@adempiere/grpc-data-client');
let data = new Data(GRPC_HOST, 'Session UUID', 'es_VE');
```

### Request a simple Object based on Table and UUID
```javascript
//  Request a single Object
data.getEntity('AD_Element', '8cc49692-fb40-11e8-a479-7a0060f0aa01')
.then(valueObject => {
  console.log("Object with single UUID");
    //  Value
  let map = valueObject.getValuesMap();
  console.log("ColumnName: " + map.get("ColumnName").getStringvalue());
  console.log("Name: " + map.get("Name").getStringvalue());
  console.log("Display Type: " + map.get("AD_Reference_ID").getIntvalue());
  console.log("Value Type: " + map.get("AD_Reference_ID").getValuetype());
})
.catch(err => console.log("Error: " + err.message));
```

Output
```
Object with single UUID
ColumnName: HR_JobOpening_ID
Name: Job Openings
Display Type: 13
Value Type: 0
```

### Request a simple Object based on Criteria for search
```javascript
//  Request a Object from criteria
let criteria = data.getCriteria('C_BPartner');
criteria.setWhereclause("AD_Client_ID = 11");
data.requestObjectFromCriteria(criteria)
.then(valueObject => {
  console.log("Object with criteria C_BPartner table");
  //  Value
  let map = valueObject.getValuesMap();
  console.log("Value: " + map.get("Value").getStringvalue());
  console.log("Name: " + map.get("Name").getStringvalue());
  if(map.get("Name2")) {
      console.log("Name2: " + map.get("Name2").getStringvalue());
  }
  if(map.get("Description")) {
      console.log("Description: " + map.get("Description").getStringvalue());
  }
  console.log("IsVendor: " + map.get("IsVendor").getBooleanvalue());
  console.log("IsCustomer: " + map.get("IsCustomer").getBooleanvalue());
})
.catch(err => console.log("Error: " + err.message));
```

Output
```
Object with criteria C_BPartner table
Value: GardenUser
Name: GardenUser BP
IsVendor: true
IsCustomer: true
```

### Request a Object List from criteria (User example)
```javascript
//  Request a Object LIst from criteria
let criteriaForList = data.getCriteria('AD_User');
criteriaForList.setWhereclause("IsLoginUser = 'Y'");
data.requestObjectListFromCriteria(criteriaForList)
.then(valueObject => {
  console.log("Request a Object List from criteria for User table");
  console.log("Record Quantity: " + valueObject.getRecordcount());
  //  Value
  for(var i = 0; i < valueObject.getRecordsList().length; i++) {
    let values = valueObject.getRecordsList()[i];
    let map = values.getValuesMap();
    console.log("Value: " + map.get("Value").getStringvalue());
    console.log("Name: " + map.get("Name").getStringvalue());
    if(map.get("EMail")) {
        console.log("EMail: " + map.get("EMail").getStringvalue());
    }
    if(map.get("Description")) {
      console.log("Description: " + map.get("Description").getStringvalue());
    }
  }
})
.catch(err => console.log("Error: " + err.message));
```

Output
```
quest a Object List from criteria for User table
Record Quantity: 5
Value: GardenAdmin
Name: GardenAdmin
EMail: admin @ gardenworld.com
Description: GardenAdmin
Value: GardenUser
Name: GardenUser
EMail: user @ gardenworld.com
Description: GardenUser
Value: WebService
Name: WebService
Value: SuperUser
Name: SuperUser
Description: Super User with Access to all levels
Value: System
Name: System
Description: ** Do not change **
```

## Recreate proto stub class (only for contribute to project)
For recreate stub class you must have follow:
- [protobuf](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases)
- [protoc](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-web/releases)
- Also you can see it: [gRPC-web](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-web)
- [gRPC](https://grpc.io/docs/tutorials/basic/web.html)
After installed it just go to source code folder an run it:
```
protoc proto/base_data_type.proto \
--js_out=import_style=commonjs:src/grpc \
--grpc-web_out=import_style=commonjs,mode=grpcwebtext:src/grpc
```
Core Functionality
```
protoc proto/core_functionality.proto \
--js_out=import_style=commonjs:src/grpc \
--grpc-web_out=import_style=commonjs,mode=grpcwebtext:src/grpc
```
Run Business gRPC
```
protoc proto/business.proto \
--js_out=import_style=commonjs:src/grpc \
--grpc-web_out=import_style=commonjs,mode=grpcwebtext:src/grpc
```
The result is generated on: src/grpc folder

Commit message:

fix: If definition is empty return undefined instead of its attributes. (#64)
*  If the definition is empty, return undefined instead of its attributes with its structure.
* Return responses converted without conditional.
* Add install protoc and protoc-gen-grpc-web
* Update google-protobuf dependency

README.md, after:

# ADempiere Data Client for gRPC

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@adempiere/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adempiere/grpc-data-client)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@adempiere/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://github.com/erpcya/grpc-data-client/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@adempiere/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adempiere/grpc-data-client)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/erpcya/grpc-data-client.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adempiere/grpc-data-client)


ADempiere Data Client write in Javascript for gRPC service, use it for connect with
[ADempiere-gRPC-Server](https://github.com/erpcya/adempiere-gRPC-Server).

## Requirements
- [Envoy Proxy](https://www.envoyproxy.io/)
- [Envoy Pre-configured Proxy](https://github.com/erpcya/gRPC-Envoy-Proxy)

## Using it

``` bash
# installing via NPM
npm i @adempiere/grpc-data-client --save
```
``` bash
# installing via Yarn
yarn add @adempiere/grpc-data-client
```

## A Example
### Declare Data
```javascript
const Data = require('@adempiere/grpc-data-client');
let data = new Data(GRPC_HOST, 'Session UUID');
```
### Declare Data with specific language
```javascript
const Data = require('@adempiere/grpc-data-client');
let data = new Data(GRPC_HOST, 'Session UUID', 'es_VE');
```

### Request a simple Object based on Table and UUID
```javascript
//  Request a single Object
data.getEntity('AD_Element', '8cc49692-fb40-11e8-a479-7a0060f0aa01')
.then(valueObject => {
  console.log("Object with single UUID");
    //  Value
  let map = valueObject.getValuesMap();
  console.log("ColumnName: " + map.get("ColumnName").getStringvalue());
  console.log("Name: " + map.get("Name").getStringvalue());
  console.log("Display Type: " + map.get("AD_Reference_ID").getIntvalue());
  console.log("Value Type: " + map.get("AD_Reference_ID").getValuetype());
})
.catch(err => console.log("Error: " + err.message));
```

Output
```
Object with single UUID
ColumnName: HR_JobOpening_ID
Name: Job Openings
Display Type: 13
Value Type: 0
```

### Request a simple Object based on Criteria for search
```javascript
//  Request a Object from criteria
let criteria = data.getCriteria('C_BPartner');
criteria.setWhereclause("AD_Client_ID = 11");
data.requestObjectFromCriteria(criteria)
.then(valueObject => {
  console.log("Object with criteria C_BPartner table");
  //  Value
  let map = valueObject.getValuesMap();
  console.log("Value: " + map.get("Value").getStringvalue());
  console.log("Name: " + map.get("Name").getStringvalue());
  if(map.get("Name2")) {
      console.log("Name2: " + map.get("Name2").getStringvalue());
  }
  if(map.get("Description")) {
      console.log("Description: " + map.get("Description").getStringvalue());
  }
  console.log("IsVendor: " + map.get("IsVendor").getBooleanvalue());
  console.log("IsCustomer: " + map.get("IsCustomer").getBooleanvalue());
})
.catch(err => console.log("Error: " + err.message));
```

Output
```
Object with criteria C_BPartner table
Value: GardenUser
Name: GardenUser BP
IsVendor: true
IsCustomer: true
```

### Request a Object List from criteria (User example)
```javascript
//  Request a Object LIst from criteria
let criteriaForList = data.getCriteria('AD_User');
criteriaForList.setWhereclause("IsLoginUser = 'Y'");
data.requestObjectListFromCriteria(criteriaForList)
.then(valueObject => {
  console.log("Request a Object List from criteria for User table");
  console.log("Record Quantity: " + valueObject.getRecordcount());
  //  Value
  for(var i = 0; i < valueObject.getRecordsList().length; i++) {
    let values = valueObject.getRecordsList()[i];
    let map = values.getValuesMap();
    console.log("Value: " + map.get("Value").getStringvalue());
    console.log("Name: " + map.get("Name").getStringvalue());
    if(map.get("EMail")) {
        console.log("EMail: " + map.get("EMail").getStringvalue());
    }
    if(map.get("Description")) {
      console.log("Description: " + map.get("Description").getStringvalue());
    }
  }
})
.catch(err => console.log("Error: " + err.message));
```

Output
```
quest a Object List from criteria for User table
Record Quantity: 5
Value: GardenAdmin
Name: GardenAdmin
EMail: admin @ gardenworld.com
Description: GardenAdmin
Value: GardenUser
Name: GardenUser
EMail: user @ gardenworld.com
Description: GardenUser
Value: WebService
Name: WebService
Value: SuperUser
Name: SuperUser
Description: Super User with Access to all levels
Value: System
Name: System
Description: ** Do not change **
```

## Recreate proto stub class (only for contribute to project)
For recreate stub class you must have follow:
- [protobuf](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases)
- [protoc](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-web/releases)
- Also you can see it: [gRPC-web](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-web)
- [gRPC](https://grpc.io/docs/tutorials/basic/web.html)

Note: You can also install `protoc` and `protoc-gen-grpc-web` by going to the repository directory and run the command:
```Shell
sh install-protoc.sh
```

When installation is complete, check the version with
```Shell
protoc --version
```

After installed it just go to source code folder an run it:

Run Business gRPC
```
protoc proto/business.proto \
--js_out=import_style=commonjs:src/grpc \
--grpc-web_out=import_style=commonjs,mode=grpcwebtext:src/grpc
```

The result is generated on: src/grpc folder
- `business_pb.js`
- `business_grpc_web_pb.js`
